hello everybody guess we did a three
here now i am here to talk about of
course kind of a big low bad news for
playstation baths today and that is of
course the Ratchet and Clank movie that
was just announced today and this isn't
like a GTI short film or anything this
is bull on Peter release type of thing
now I'm not chewing you the actual
trailer there's a link in the
description for it mainly cuz since it
just came out today um I don't know the
copyright or not so I'm not gonna take
my chances but anyway Justine of the
trailer it doesn't say what the actual
movie is going to be about other than
fried chick plank and pork are in it
that's all we know at this point but I
do admit a team from the trailers I
think the writers are getting a lot
better the jokes in this were actually
pretty funny I didn't laugh a lot
especially when the enemies really kind
of start to mess around with quark I
decide to get laughs at me so um that's
pretty much there's not a whole lot to
really talk about the trailer I mean the
animation looks top dodge it looks crisp
it was awesome but I don't know for
anyone else but today else kind of get
bothered by a ratchets model in it I
don't know for me it just looks like
he's not able to facially up he doesn't
look like he's ratchet you know um I
don't know it's play of the right games
to come to this it does it look right
but hopefully that the ball will get
fixed over time I mean cuz as you guys
can see just filled the stock come out
for another two years so and this is all
we know so what do I think of them is
gonna be about well it i know i think
the villain in this is definitely going
to be on various because if I'm thinking
about like this couldn't be to the
general public I'm
thinking the various is the one that
people are going to like the most a
general public so I'm thinking it's
gonna something involving him I just
don't know why and I don't know if it's
gonna be going you know if this is going
to be like a new origin story if it's
gonna continue from where the games all
right now I don't know but um you know
i'll keep you guys updated with this
film good it's got me yeah I'm
interested I'm not you know jumping off
the walls of what not but it's got me
interested and honestly the thing is I
think this film is coming out cuz i
think a wreck it ralph really showed
that yeah video game movies they're
still relevant and they can be done
really well so the thing is i think
don't each time the first people to jump
onto this and I hope more follow after
this like I do definitely want to see if
Sony keeps doing these movies I want to
see jak and daxter and uncharted done
movie style that would that would be
fantastic but uh you know so comment
below what do you guys think I'm for
fetching playing movie and what movie
video games do you guys want to see um
you know it this is great big so i'll
keep you guys updated with that with
whatever this boot goes on and we'll see
this comes down in 2015 and ya don't see
you guys later the back